and the eyes of the cat the eyes of the cat
deep and luminous they have a power
mysterious the Egyptian word used
to name the cat was mou that
It means seeing until recently was
I thought that cats did not distinguish
colors however recently it has
proven by experiments that yes
they can perceive the posts that their
Retina contains cones and canes as
It has been shown
but the most important thing is that the eyes
of the cat are extremely prepared in
other aspects sensitivity to light
of the eyes of cats especially in
what refers to the lengths of
shortwave is six times higher than the
of man and that's why the cat is said
can see in the dark even when not
can see in absolute darkness possesses
behind his retina a tissue
reflective called tape with light and doom
that allows you to distinguish what
surrounds when the light is so reduced that
impedes vision for man and others
less gifted animals in this aspect
that felines also thanks to their
very fine ear and tactile sensitivity
of your vibrissa can move with total
security even in the dark
absolute
the lucid tape tour that manages to increase
between 30 and 50 times any trace of
light however small it is, what makes
glow in the dark eyes of
cats when struck by lightning
bright
the visual power of the cat looks
favored also by the great
adaptability of their pupils that are
circular when they open to the maximum in
the penumbra to collect the greatest
possible amount of light and are reduced to
two thin vertical wires in full light
when the pupils contract
the light too strong even for
contracted pupils can be diminished
When you close your eyes a little
cats also have vision
binocular is to say that part of the field
vision of an eye is covered by the
another also skill that is necessary
for three-dimensional vision that
requires all animal hunter which
allows to judge the distance depth
and size of its prey
binocular vision may vary according to
the race
what determines the best disposition to
hunting one race more than another
for example the Siamese whose vision
binocular is not so pronounced for that
they are not so good hunters
despite all these skills
eye cat is born without power
use since it only opens your eyes to
from seven days after
of which is when they begin to
learn to interpret all
stimuli that enter through the eyes and not
they come to dominate them until they have passed
about 12 weeks that is when your eyes
they acquire their final color that can
have a wide range that goes from
yellow and orange to green or
intense blue